Update docs about SCRIPT_NAME (#97)
valohai/docs: source/valohai-yaml/endpoint/index.rst

You can have multiple endpoints as a single project can have various inference requirements
for different contexts e.g. various teams working on the project.

The endpoints are defined in the ``valohai.yaml`` file, which specifies the WSGI application to serve.

> In the application, a ``SCRIPT_NAME`` environment variable is available, containing the path that is prefixed to the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the application, the ``SCRIPT_NAME`` environment variable contains the path the application is served under; i.e. something like ``organization/project/deployment/version/endpoint``.
```

> Depending on the ASGI/WSGI Framework being used, this prefix might be automatically appended (Gunicorn) when the ``SCRIPT_NAME`` environment variable is present or might need to be set separately. Hence when using Flask, Django or FastAPI, using Gunicorn is recommended for this out-of-the-box prefixing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Python applications, depending on the web framework being used, this prefix might be automatically used when the ``SCRIPT_NAME`` environment variable is present, or you may need to manage it separately.

When using Flask, Django, or FastAPI with the Gunicorn server, things should work without configuration. If you use the ``wsgi: module.app`` configuration within your endpoint configuration, we will automatically set up a Gunicorn WSGI server, so everything should work out of the box.
```

> Using FastAPI and Uvicorn, prefixing the route does require the env variable to be added to each route manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use FastAPI with the Uvicorn server, the environment variable's contents must at the time of writing be added to each route manually.
```

> ------------------
>  Without Gunicorn
> ------------------
> Flask - prefix needs to be set using Werkzeugs ``DispatchMiddleware``:
> 
> .. code-block:: python
> 
>     from flask import Flask
>     import os
>     from werkzeug.serving import run_simple
>     from werkzeug.middleware.dispatcher import DispatcherMiddleware
> 
>     app = Flask(__name__)
> 
>     @app.route('/')
>     def hello_world():
>         return 'Hello world'
> 
>     def simple(env, resp):
>         resp(b'200 OK', [(b'Content-Type', b'text/plain')])
>         return [b'In the realm of wsgi']
> 
>     # Use the environment variable "SCRIPT_NAME" here to prefix
>     app.wsgi_app = DispatcherMiddleware(simple, {os.environ["SCRIPT_NAME"]: app.wsgi_app})
> 
> 
> Werkzeug - use ``DispatchMiddleware`` like above.

Reviewer: A simplification?

```suggestion

If you choose to use a server that does not automatically take ``SCRIPT_NAME`` into account, you'll have to do so manually in your URL routes.

For Python apps, the Werkzeug package contains ``DispatchMiddleware``, which is useful for this. For instance, for a Flask app, you can use it to wrap the Flask WSGI app:

.. code-block:: python

    from flask import Flask
    import os
    from werkzeug.middleware.dispatcher import DispatcherMiddleware

    app = Flask(__name__)
    # ...
    app.wsgi_app = DispatcherMiddleware(app.wsgi, {os.environ.get("SCRIPT_NAME", "/"): app.wsgi_app})

```
